Configure wallet balance unit in telemetry (#2425)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/features/ibc-telemetry/2381-configure-wallet-balance-divider.md

- Added a new configuration, `wallet_metric_scale`, to `config.toml` to specify the

>   value used to divide the `wallet_balance` displayed in the telemetry metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  value used to scale down the `wallet_balance` displayed in the telemetry metrics
  in case the raw value does not fit into a unsigned 64-bits integer,
  eg. because the relayer wallet contains a high amount of coins.
```
